I loved him, I gave him my body and my soul, and he was lying to me all along.
He's bisexual and was already married to a woman when we met.
When his wife found out about us, he accused me of seducing him,
which cost me a job and a reputation.
What a bloody rubbish man.
My heart was broken the first time I felt love, so I've been afraid to love again.
Or be loved.
Don't be afraid.
It's my first time feeling something that I've never felt before in.
I must say Frank.
I'm so happy that it's with you.
Now I understand what makes you so restrained, Frank.
And if I have a chance with you, then I must divorce immediately.
Sir, your husband has been voiding us, and now his phone is off.
Someone I care about is very concerned about the silly marriage,
so we have to finalize the divorce as soon as possible.